# Microservices 
### Seminar 1
##### Introduction
The paper covers introduction to designing, building, and deploying microservices. Here are explained all the advantages and drawbacks of the microservices architecture pattern. 
##### What is a monolithic application?
A monolithic application implies putting all of the required components for a software application (both the backend and the frontend) on just one server. But having all the resources on the same machine can create an availability and security risk. If the server is down, the application will be down, and it will not communicate with the database. If the server is externally attacked, you are at greater risk of data loss if you do not have a replica of your database.
##### What is a microservices-based application?
 Microservice architecture means a way of designing software applications so that there are independently deployable services. These services work by their own, being written in any language, with their databases, and using APIs to communicate with other services.
##### In a paragraph, provide a comparative analysis between the 2 approaches.
The difference between these ways of creating applications is that when we choose monolithic variants, we are restricted in using the same technology for all services, but when it comes to micro-services based app we have the flexibility and freedom to build each service in part, using different technologies, languages or maybe even operating systems. Microservice-based app has a speed advantage over monolithic applications, because in the first version, each service has its own database, so the system can work in a much more efficient and fast way.
##### Why would one want to migrate from one type of application to another?
Each approach serves a specific purpose depending on the business goals. So based on these goals, we can understand if there is a need to migrate from one services to another. It also depends on the human resource and how it is utilized. When creating a monolithic program, big teams must be coordinated, which might result in delayed software development. When you use a microservices design, you can have tiny, self-contained teams working in parallel, which can speed up development. 
##### When starting a new project, which approach is best? Why?
System needs clarify the way we must develop the modules/services. So there is no a better approach. If the system is large enough to be broken into independent microservices and human resources permit it, we prefer to work with a microservices-based strategy, in which new components and features are implemented in a modular and independent manner. However, if the system is relatively small, and the entire workflow can be managed by a small group of people, a monolithic method can be used.
##### How do these approaches compare in the context of maintainability?
Microservice-based approach requires independent components, otherwise, it would be created a highly-coupled application requiring a lot of work to deliver, run, and maintain it. By definition, a microservices architecture has more weak links and more entropy than a monolithic. So it needs more documentation and a highly skilled team. While an application developed according to a monolithic strategy, can offer the possibility to be maintained more easily and efficiently, because all modules in a monolithic application share memory, space, and resources, so you can use a single solution for example to address cross-cutting concerns such as logging, caching, and security.
